What are you so proud of?
It's only a piece of 5.
Even if I drop 10 points, I still make 100,000
That is.
You bought a total of 1,000 yuan of key glass.
Up 10 points
100 yuan at most
Don't worry.
Here we go.
Brother Xiaoqiang, you fell again
Down 10 points
I lost everything I made now
Oh, no.
I lost my pants.
This key bag has gone up to 20 yuan a share.
Hey, it's gone up again, it's gone up another 50 yuan.
50 bucks a share
How is that possible?
Can my husband really control the stock price?
Our sauce-flavored technology is already halfway there.
The old 1 million 500,000
Yiqiu, look at our medicinal glass.
It has risen to 70 yuan a share.
Yes, it sucks thick at a low price.
Pull the price
Sell them all when they are at the highest level.
We can make a big discount
It's called Zhuang
Yiqiu, you are really amazing
Look, it's gone up to 100 bucks a share.
How much can you earn for 100 yuan?
5 cents a share
Turn it up 2,000 times.
We have a capital of 1,000 yuan.
Only made 2 million
One day
$1,000 becomes 2 million
You are too powerful when you are poor